## v0.1.2

### Additions

#### [Pull Request #7](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/7)

- added --cacert /path/to/cert.crt to pass in a certificate used as the CA to validate SSL connections
- added support to read from SPLICECTL_CACERT=/path/to/cert.crt to auto-set the --cacert option.

#### [Pull Request #6](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/6)

- Arch Linux package and updated build instructions

#### [Pull Request #10](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/10)

- Added -a/--active and -p/--paused flags to the `list database` command. 
  - If neither flag is used then all databases in their original order will be displayed.
  - If -a/--active is used then only active databases will be listed.
  - If -p/--paused is used then only paused databases will be listed.
  - If both are used then all databases will be listed with active databases listed first in a group and then all paused databases following them.

#### [Pull Request #11](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/11)

- changelog command can now be used like so: `splicectl changelog`. It will display the markdown content of the changelog for the version of splicectl that you are using.

#### [Pull Request #8](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/8)

- Added "op" as a valid option for cloud-provider.


### Changes

#### [Pull Request #12](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/12)

Commands that use "database" in their subcommands now also accept "workspace" which is the preferred and documented option now. Both options work, but help messages will now show "workspace" in their examples and usage docs.
Commands that accept the flag "--database-name/-d" now also accept the flags "workspace" and "database". This functionality is not provided by cobra, so instead some additional logic was added that will determine which name to use in the event that more that one of the flags is supplied with a value. The final order of preferredness is: "--database-name/-d"  > "workspace"  > "database" where "--database-name/-d" is always used if provided and "database" is only used if no other name flag has been provided.
There was one command that should have used the "database" subcommand naming convention but instead used splice-database, namely the `splicectl create splice-database`. That old syntax is still aliased for backwards compatibility, but the naming conventions have now been brought in line with the other database related commands and now also supports syntax like:
- `splicectl create workspace`
and 
- `splicectl create database`
No breaking changes have been implemented here, so all commands that used to work using the old names will still work.

#### [Pull Request #9](https://github.com/splicemachine/splicectl/pull/9)

--file input for the `splicectl apply default-cr` command is now partially validated before being sent to the splicectl/api.

